feat(maintenance): Add details about target version runtime (#1841)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/version-update/pages/update-studio.adoc

For example, your production runtime can be in 2021.1-0408 and your Studio in 2021.1-0218.

=== Project update

When you clone an existing project from an older version of the same base version the target runtime version is not automatically updated. +
This allow others contributors of the project to keep using an older Studio version without needing to install additional dependencies. +
While it is fine to reference a different target runtime version than the one currently run by the Studio, you can update this version from the `Edit project information...` contextual menu or using the pencil button in the project Overview. +

> When updating this version ensure that other collaborators:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before to update this version, ensure that other collaborators:
```

> When updating this version ensure that other collaborators:

Author: ```suggestion
Before updating this version ensure that other collaborators:
```
